I'll be out with one at 2nd and Roma. Ma'am, you kept me driving that on the roadway in the wrong direction of travel. You know you're going south on the northbound lanes? Do you realize that these scooters just happened in Evel Hurtepe? Yeah, I know they just came out, but that doesn't mean that you can go the wrong direction on the one way. No, I know. And I was trying to, like, the roads are not made for these. So why are you on the road then? I'm saying the pathways are not made for these scooters. So I went on the roadway until I could find a great pathway to go. So why not use the sidewalk then? That's what I'm saying. Because you were this way when I saw you north of the Lomas, you were coming southbound in the wrong direction of travel. So you were going southbound on a one-way. I was just trying to avoid the leaps of the crosswalk, or of the sidewalk that you say. So why did you get on the sidewalk here? I'm not trying to argue with you, honestly. I don't think we're arguing. I'm simply telling you I'm stopping because that's all violation. Okay, well, I'm sorry. So that is the issue. Okay. I need to see your license, please. Okay. Or an ID card. You don't necessarily need a license, but I need to see an ID card. Okay. And you're 6 feet of devin of the unit of Canadians who negative put. Well, let me stop my scooter here. Sure. This is so cool. It is cool. I totally agree. I know. Hopefully nobody gets hurt on them. What the hell? Well, you're going to see a lot of injuries on these. I kind of anticipate it, and I hope we don't. But, hey, I kind of agree with you. But you're going to. So expected. And I'm not hurt. But here's an ID. Thanks, Lily. Are you living in Obokurke or are you still in Belend? I live in Belend. Yeah? Where are you heading to now? We were just going to Central to another bar. Who's we? I was with, like, four other people on the scooter. Okay. They have left me now. Huh. Alright. Well, as you can see, there's another scooter coming that way, and they're traveling the right direction of travel on the sidewalk. I'm sorry. So that's how it should be, because somebody's going to turn left and they could have struck you. Yeah, I do. I really do. It's just that the sidewalk doesn't have, like, an off-ramp for the scooter. Well, the sidewalks have to have it. This is all new. I know. And you know that. I know scooters are new. Electric scooters are new to the city. So, to get to Marble Brewery, it's not accessible in reality. Well, sidewalks are. Because they don't have the up-ramps and the down-ramps and the whatever. Really. You want to go to Marble, they don't have nothing. I understand how a sidewalk works, and I understand that sidewalks have to be 80 accessible because people that have wheelchairs, they need to be able to access a sidewalk. So that's how these scooters are feasible for the city, because you can use the sidewalks for them. So there's plenty of, I can see from here, there's plenty of egresses for the scooters and other wheelchairs to get up onto the sidewalk. So. wrong direction on the roadway make sense I'm not trying to lecture you up just simply you know I understand these are new so there's gonna be some discussion about them okay understand that these things in some ways you know are considered a motor vehicle if you would they don't require insurance registration because they're under a certain CC their electric power they're not motor they're not operated by gas or spy electricity so but that also means that they could be considered a motor vehicle in some cases all right you said you're coming from marble you hit it to another bar that's what you told me yeah okay I'm like I actually don't know where they're going because I'm lost but yeah well you're on the corner of second and low miss just no I know where I am but my friends left me okay because I was scared of you well I tried to turn my life stop but you kept going even when I got on my p.a. I told you to stop sorry and that's like when I really realized that you want to mean to stop yeah all right really have you had any alcohol tonight yeah how much have you had I drink two beers at Marble how long ago was that so four hours ago you had two beers or within four hours okay so Lily I need to check your eyes real quick okay I want you to follow my index finger with your eyes don't move your head okay just use your eyes for me okay don't move your head okay just use your eyes give me a second okay stay right there okay yes ma'am