Why don't you just go ahead and tell us what happened? Alright, I guess he decided to clear his conscience or something, but he told me what he was in prison for, that he was accused of raping an 11-year-old girl, and he got 25 life for it, and I told him that's enough, I don't want to hear anymore. I first punched him a couple times, still wouldn't shut up, still kept telling me he wanted to explain that he didn't do it, that he was being set up and all this stuff, and I don't know, I just got mad and then hit him, and then I killed him. When I hit him and knocked him out, and then I took the shoelaces out of his shoes, tied him together, wrapped it around his neck, and strangled him. And after I was done, I was aware of what I was doing, you know, and then I just put him on his bed and covered him up and climbed into my bed and went to sleep. I noticed, you know, obviously we've been in your cell, that it appears that all of your belongings you packed up, when did you do that? Right after I knew he was dead. Right after you knew. And the reason for doing that would be? Because when you go to the hole, that's usually what the police do to pack it up, and I figure they're going to tear my shit up, so let me just do it myself. What happened to the shoelaces? Lost them down the toilet. Now those laces came out of the tent shoes. And then when you were done, you flushed it down the toilet. Why would you do that? Because I'm an idiot, I don't know, I mean, obviously I don't think right, I'm in prison for most of my life, so my thinking isn't really rational. I don't know, I just kind of thought that that was an appropriate thing to do at that time. Yeah, I guess, I don't know, I know murdering somebody is not a good thing, but I mean Jesus man, if the things this guy did, the things he said he did, I would have bought something like that on the street again. I do what's necessary, I do what some people won't. I mean you guys are cops, you arrest people all the time for stuff that you wish you could shoot them in the face. I already know that, I'm not stupid, you know, I mean, there's crimes that shouldn't be committed, so I just have, I don't know, I just don't have any empathy for people. So basically, what you did, you figured Ted got what he deserved. Ted got what he deserved, I believe that with all my heart. You know, I hit him a couple of times and I pulled the chair back and sat in the chair and then he kind of got up posturing on me, you know, that's kind of like means, you know, he got up, like, you know. know and then I caught him again when he went down I was like yeah sucks to be you I just don't think stabbing or shooting somebody is a little too impersonal. If you're gonna kill somebody you might as well be personal about it right? You think that's more impersonal? Yeah I just you know I know it sounds kind of crazy but if you have to go to that extent you know I want it to be personal. I don't I don't like violence but if I have to go to that extent then I want it to be personal.